THE SCALPEL3 FILE VALIDATOR AND CUSTOM REASSEMBLY MANIFESTO:
------------------------------------------------------------

o Contiguous validation must always succeed if the data is contiguous and valid.  This must also be
  *as fast as possible*.  Contiguous is the most common case and these blocks must be moved out of
  the search space as fast as possible.

o If it's possible that a candidate can be reassembled, do not give up early.  Scalpel3 has other
  mechanisms for quitting early, killing candidates, etc.  Exhaust all possibilities to recover the
  candidate, but do this as quickly as possible.

o Stateful is good # 1.  If there's a way for the file validator not to start from scratch and redo
  work it's already done when it's called, that should happen.  But the state must be maintained and
  must be consistent.

o Stateful is good # 2.  A custom reassembly function (if there is one) should lose as little work
  across checkpoint operations as possible.

o In a custom reassembly function, if you need to iterate across blocks to choose appropriate blocks
  to add to a candidate, use the block choice API in filemirror unless that doesn't make sense.
  Before using something else, make sure it doesn't make sense to use the block choice API in
  filemirror.

o When selecting blocks, you probably want to supplement the checks performed by
  blockvector_get_block_choice() with additional ones (e.g., blocks are of the correct type, maybe
  minimize reservations, etc.).  Look at LR_reassembly_get_block_choice() and the galloping code to
  see what's necessary to intelligently iterate through available apparent blocks.

o In a custom reassembly function, you MUST be responsive to checkpointing operations.  If scalpel3
  outputs RED "+" signs, you aren't responsive enough.

o To be responsive to checkpointing operations in custom reassembly functions, you MUST use calls to
  reassembly_time_to_checkpoint().  When you call that function, the reassembly candidate MUST be a
  in a stable state, where work can be picked back up when it's reassigned to a reassembly thread.

o Across checkpoints, it's possible that the number of uncovered blocks may *increase* as a result
  of changes to the carve window boundaries.  Validators must not cache the number of covered blocks
  across checkpoints.

o Custom reassembly functions may receive candidates with internal blocks in the blockvector marked
  invalid because these blocks have been covered.  You MUST deal with this.  If you don't understand
  why this can happen, read the functions sync_and_validate_queues() (carve.c) and
  validate_blockvector() (filemirror.c) Consider having a function like
  LR_reassembly_init_candidate() in your custom reassembly function, where you handle a deep look at
  the blockvector and any adjustments to carve state.

o Custom reassembly functions are NOT required to share work with other threads through cloning. If it
  makes sense, do it.  But unless there is randomization or some other heuristic in place (e.g., the
  starting point for candidate block can be chosen in a way that truly explores different potential
  solutions in each thread), work sharing makes no sense.  If the state can't be deep-cloned, work
  sharing makes no sense.  It's more important to maintain state that accelerates validation than to
  have a bunch of dumb, potentially overlapping efforts that have to grind away from index 0 every
  time.

o If you have a custom reassembly function and it doesn't share work with other threads, then DO NOT
  care about block reservations when choosing blocks.

o If possible, use a set of phases for file validation or custom reassembly function.  We'll call
  these P1, P2, ... Pn.  P1 should be as cheap as possible.  It should fail only when it *can't*
  generate the answer.  P2, P3, ... Pn should be progressively more expensive, and in general, each
  Pi should fail only if it can't solve the problem or continuing to try to solve it would exceed
  the cost of Pi+1.  If there are special cases or cheap requirements that can quickly validate a
  block or chunk of data, do it.  Make them early phases.  We need all the heuristics we can find to
  rapidly validate candidates or to determine that we can't validate some candidates, and to reduce
  the number of blocks that must be considered overall for all reassembly operations.
